=== BackgroundLite

This Rails plugin supersedes the background plugin, available here:

  http://github.com/imedo/background/tree/master

It allows you to execute methods in a background task with a very intuitive and
easy syntax. It is as easy as that:

  class MyModel
    def complex_operation(argument)
      ...
    end
    background_method :complex_operation
  end

Now, whenever MyModel#complex_operation is called, it will be run in the
background process.

Refer to the Class#background_method documentation for details.

=== What this plugin is

This plugin is an easy-to-use interface for background processing frameworks.
Theoretically, you can use it in combination with any of the messaging /
background processing frameworks out there, though there are not many handlers
implemented yet. However, implementing a handler is very easy.

=== What this plugin is NOT

This plugin is NOT a background processing framework. To make it work
efficiently, you need an existing framework installed and configured. Right now,
support for the ActiveMessaging framework is implemented.

However, there is out-of-the-box support for using script/runner to perform
background tasks, as well as forking.

=== When to use it

* Your Rails process gets unresponsive due to some time-consuming task.
* The task does not need to show an immediate effect.

=== Features

* Background processing using multiple background processing frameworks.
* Fallback processing, if your background processing framework isn't responding
  correctly.
* Works out-of-the-box with script/runner and forking.
* Fallback handler that streams messages containing background tasks to disk, to
  later .
* Error reporting through different channels, depending on the task at hand.
  * Exception notification.
  * Stdout (useful for debugging).
  * Stderr (useful for debugging).
  * Silent, which swallows all exceptions.
* Supported processing frameworks.
  * ActiveMessaging.
  * script/runner.
  * fork (works only on Unix-like environments).
  * others might follow (it's really easy to write a handler).
* Easy configuration, depending on the environment, in config/background.yml.
* Ability to override the configuration per method.

=== Dependencies

There are no dependencies besides ActiveSupport, which is required by Rails
anyways.

=== Installation

Just copy the background_lite folder into vendor/plugins, and you're good to go.

=== Configuration

Depending on the background processing framework that you are using, you might
have to do some configuration. See the documentation of the respective
background handler for details.

Copyright (c) 2008-2009 imedo GmbH, released under the MIT license
